=head1 NAME
 
RapidApp::Manual::Bootstrap - Bootstrapping a new app with rapidapp.pl
 
=head1 DESCRIPTION
 
RapidApp ships with the script L<rapidapp.pl> which you can use to create a new
application from scratch with a skeleton of base files and directories. It extends
the existing L<catalyst.pl|catalyst> script and "helper" ecosystem, but with some 
RapidApp-specific customizations, including support for different helper "traits" 
to setup different common application scenarios out-of-the-box.

=head1 BASIC USAGE

Running C<rapidapp.pl> with no arguments will show its usage with basic examples:

  rapidapp.pl

The usage is exactly the same as C<catalyst.pl> with the exception of the additional
C<--helpers> option which can be used to specify a comma-separated list of helper
traits which are essentially different modes of operation.

For example, the L<RapidDbic|RapidApp::Helper::Traits::RapidDbic> helper trait will 
automatically configure the new application to use the RapidDbic plugin, as well as 
create a DBIC model and schema for an existing database:

  rapidapp.pl --helpers RapidDbic MyApp -- --dsn dbi:mysql:database=somedb,root,''

The arguments following the C<--> are processed by the specified helpers rather than
the main script itself. In the case of the RapidDbic helper, the C<--dsn> parameter 
supplies the database connection info.

Not all helper traits are so complex. For instance, the "Templates" helper trait 
simply includes additional example configurations for RapidApp's built-in template
functionality.

Multiple helpers can be used together. For example, the following will setup an
application named "MyApp" with plugins to enable default user logins (default credentials: C<admin/pass>)
saved views, example template controller configs, and access to a copy of an existing
SQLite database file:

  rapidapp.pl --helpers RapidDbic,Templates,AuthCore,NavCore MyApp \
   -- --from-sqlite /path/to/existing/sqlt.db


=head1 MORE INFO

This documentation is still preliminary, however, the configs and files generated in
the new app include additional comments and explanations. So, to learn more about a 
particular helper trait or config option, create a new app and look at its files (most
everything is created within the main application class (i.e. MyApp.pm).

Also, since everything is based on Catalyst, its documentation which is much more 
thorough is a good place to start.

=head1 rdbic.pl

RapidApp also ships with L<rdbic.pl> which can be used to generate and run a new CRUD
app on-the-fly. It is essentially a single-use app which is regenerated each time it is
ran. Files are generated into a temporary directory which is automatically cleaned up 
on exit.

 # For a proper DSN
 rdbic.pl dbi:mysql:database=somedb,root,''

 # For an SQLite file
 rdbic.pl /path/to/existing/sqlt.db

This is the fastest way to start a new app for a database, however, since the config
is entirely generated, its obviously not as flexible. L<rdbic.pl> is basically a
general-purpose database admin utility, like PhpMyAdmin, Navicat, etc.

See the L<rdbic.pl> documentation for more details.


=head1 Plack::App::RapidApp::rDbic

The Plack-based interface L<Plack::App::RapidApp::rDbic> is also available for generating
a CRUD app on-the-fly which can be further configured and mounted within any L<PSGI>/L<Plack>
configuration. L<rdbic.pl> is simply a wrapper around L<Plack::App::RapidApp::rDbic> which
provides many more options and features than L<rdbic.pl> exposes.


=head1 SEE ALSO

=over

=item *

L<RapidApp::Manual>

=item *

L<RapidApp::Manual::Installation>

=back

=cut
